May 7th 2020
1:30 pm - Working on general set up, creating my navigation and screens etc. 
3:00 pm - Trying to figure out how to use NativeBase UI kit. This is the most confusing thing I've learned in the entire MSD program. Why make a UI kit just to make life harder? 
3:30 pm - Considering not using a UI kit and using the perfectly designed vanilla react-native styling, and taking the grade cut. W H Y. Are these UI kits so hard to use?
4:40 pm - Professor suggested using the react-native-elements UI kit. It's much easier than the others. Their documentation is not the best though. Still struggling.
5:20 pm - Professor just told me not to worry about the aesthetics so much and work with the simple default stuff provided from this kit. Time to code!
5:45 pm - Finished the login page, beginning backend. 
10:00 pm - Frontend to backend communication is adequately set up. Sleep time.

May 8th
10 am - Beginning jwt handling.
Noon - Jwt almost complete. Must create authentication middleware. Will do after creating more frontend screens.
1:30 - Having to deal with passing the token from app.js using context and reducers. I am completely confused.
2:30 - Stuck trying to understand the reducer.. I am more lost than I originally anticipated I would be. 
4:30 - Took a break from the madness. I am chipping away at this issue now. 
6:20 - Pretty much have got nothing done. UseContext does not work and I don't know what to do.
8:20 - I've got the jist of using context and the reducer. Now, the navigation isn't working properly
	something to do with the ternary operator that handles the state of the token and which screens are available.
	Professor suggested I conclude programming for the night, I will do so. 
May 9th
6:30 - I forgot to log. I haven't completed much. I think I figured out the token? I'm actually more lost than I've ever been.
	I don't know what the project is actually asking for. 
12:15 - location wasn't working for a while. I figured it out, I'm now implementing the map. It's coming together
	My code looks so strange. Please forgive me professor, I'm trying my hardest.I'm pushing 12 - 14 hour days here now.

May 11th - I forgot to log again. Yesterday I was working on the map, and got it to work. I also began on SMS.
	I completed SMS at around noon today, easier than I thought.\
5pm - I finished fetching users that are in a one mile proximity. That was challenging, but a very good experience.

6:30 - I currently have NO get requests. Because I treated all get requests as POSTS so I could send the token in the body.
	amateur mistake. Gotta fix this.
8:30 - Fixed it all. I took a break, I could have cleaned it up sooner.

9:00 - Cleaned up the code, cleaned up the screen titles so it doesn't say MAIN_HOME and rather just Home
	Included a Navbar on every screen with a home and logout button. 

	Project Feels done to me. 



















